if you are
an avid hunter or only planned
first journey and looking for a backpack to turn
attention to the backpack you can you can it
classic trekking backpack
designed to carry bulk but
not too heavy loads up to 15 20
kilogram and now consider it
in detail
yukon backpack is equipped with a carrying system
2 system 2 consists of a
plastic plate located inside
the backs of which are two
aluminum tires running along the back and
parallel
they provide stiff back from
centers come two additional
fiberglass arcs
which are displayed in pockets on
waist belt the main task of the system
shift the load from the shoulder area
here is the hip area
but the system remains enough
flexible that while driving
provides maximum comfort
inner shoulder straps
Back of the backpack and waist belt covered
the system of printed elements they task
keep the backpack in place so that it does not eat
body during movement and ensure
maximum comfortable fit backpack
from back before first use or
before any hike depending on yours
parameters and
the cruise you are going to carry
you need to properly configure all
backpack adjustment
need to adjust the shoulder straps
the length of the height needs to be adjusted
fit over the top of the backpack
to back you need to adjust the chest
belt its width and height naturally
need to adjust the width of the new belt
also in the belt area there is
adjusting the fit of the bottom
backpack back and also stiffness in
pockets where super voice is displayed
rods and if all settings
adjusted correctly then you will be very
convenient and comfortable neither tantrum himself
long time to market
it was convenient to load the car it has
handles front and back on the rear handle
can also be used to help
someone to wear the backpack at the back of the handle
you can use yourself when ridak
put on consider the cover of the backpack
backpack cover height adjustable
depending on the fullness of the internal
volume
The top of the lid has four tight
loops by passing a rope through them or
cords can be fixed any
top equipment is located
tractor pocket inside there is a rain
key case and hook
the inside of the cover is bright
marked pocket for first aid kit
consider the backpack from the front
on the right and left are elastic
gum pockets the main volume of the backpack
can be adjusted using the side
central and lower trails having dissolved
side or lower lines can
place will rise extra
equipment tent or trekking
mat if necessary to fix on
backpacks trekking poles
and for this top there
width adjustable
the loop for each loop corresponds to a loop
downstairs so that the equipment does not hang out
if the lower loops are not needed they are removed
in pocket
there is firmware on the central paths
this allows you to pass through the sling
rope to place extra
equipment
internal volume of the backpack with divided by
two compartments lower and upper upper
separation can be accessed in two ways.
the first entrance is located on top of it
stretched on a sling
has two puffs that can
use both or
only one depending on
bag fullness
second entrance to the upper compartment
is in the central part it is on
lightning and opens
almost the entire perimeter of the backpack
that
allows for easy access to
all things inside the bottom
the compartment of the backpack can be accessed using
valve there he is both upper and lower
backpack compartment
separated by a valve with zippers so
way the branch can be used by
separately or combine them into a common
volume so how can you this classic
trekking backpack
it comes in large quantities
different volumes from 50 to 80 liters
A female version of the backpack is also available.
isis 50 or 60 liters and so if you
looking for
reliable and versatile tracking
yukon backpack is perfect for you
have a good trip